v0.41 changelog: QROM state prep and qml.liealg examples (#7245)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-0.41.0.md

<h4>QROM State Preparation 📖</h4>

Quantum Read-Only Memory (QROM) isn't just useful for loading bitstrings.

> It can be leveraged to prepare entire quantum states!

Reviewer: This is probably not dry enough for the changelog 😆. Could put this in the blog, though! 👀

> * Added template :class:`qml.QROMStatePreparation <pennylane.QROMStatePreparation>` that prepares arbitrary states using `qml.QROM`.

Reviewer: I suggest putting the immediate impact on the user closer to the start of the changelog entry 💪. E.g., 

```suggestion
* A new state-of-the-art state preparation technique based on QROM is now available with the :class:`qml.QROMStatePreparation <pennylane.QROMStatePreparation>` template.
```

<h4>QROM State Preparation 📖</h4>

Quantum Read-Only Memory (QROM) isn't just useful for loading bitstrings.
It can be leveraged to prepare entire quantum states!

* Added template :class:`qml.QROMStatePreparation <pennylane.QROMStatePreparation>` that prepares arbitrary states using `qml.QROM`.
  [(#6974)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6974)

>   ```python

Reviewer: We don't necessarily have to say anything else about it—sometimes a quick code example and an eye-catching statement are all that's needed! But just wondering if there's anything else we should put here 🤔

>   ```python

Author: Nothing more to say here, I think - maybe in the blog post, as you said above.

  state_vector = np.array([0.5, -0.5, 0.5, 0.5])

  dev = qml.device("default.qubit")
  wires = qml.registers({"work_wires": 1, "prec_wires": 3, "state_wires": 2})

  @qml.qnode(dev)
  def circuit():
      qml.QROMStatePreparation(
          state_vector, wires["state_wires"], wires["prec_wires"], wires["work_wires"]
      )
      return qml.state()
  ```

  ```pycon
  >>> print(circuit()[:4].real)
  [ 0.5 -0.5  0.5  0.5]
  ```

<h4>Dynamical Lie Algebras 🕓</h4>

The new :mod:`qml.liealg <pennylane.liealg>` module provides a variety of Lie algebra functionality.

> :func:`qml.liealg.cartan_decomp <pennylane.liealg.cartan_decomp>` allows performance of Cartan decompositions `g = k + m` using _involution_ functions that return a boolean value.

Reviewer: I recommend that we have a bulleted list of features after the first sentence above 👀

<h4>QROM State Preparation 📖</h4>

* A new state-of-the-art state preparation technique based on QROM is now available with the :class:`qml.QROMStatePreparation <pennylane.QROMStatePreparation>` template.
  [(#6974)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6974)

    Using :class:`qml.QROMStatePreparation <pennylane.QROMStatePreparation>` is analogous to using other state preparation techniques in PennyLane. 
    
    ```python
  state_vector = np.array([0.5, -0.5, 0.5, 0.5])

  dev = qml.device("default.qubit")
  wires = qml.registers({"work_wires": 1, "prec_wires": 3, "state_wires": 2})

  @qml.qnode(dev)
  def circuit():
      qml.QROMStatePreparation(
          state_vector, wires["state_wires"], wires["prec_wires"], wires["work_wires"]
      )
      return qml.state()
  ```

  ```pycon
  >>> print(circuit()[:4].real)
  [ 0.5 -0.5  0.5  0.5]
  ```

<h4>Dynamical Lie Algebras 🕓</h4>

The new :mod:`qml.liealg <pennylane.liealg>` module provides a variety of Lie algebra functionality, including:
* Lie closure
* Structure constants
* The center of a Lie algebra
* Cartan decompositions

> * Cartan subalgebras

Reviewer: This is perfect! But, I would elaborate on each of these feature right here! 👀 I.e., 

> * The Lie closure can now be calculated with feature X
> (PR number)
> 
> Code example and any extra verbiage to explain it.
> 
> * Structure constants can now be calculated with feature Z
> (PR number)
> 
> Code example and any extra verbiage to explain it.

etc. Let me know if that makes sense!

> * Cartan subalgebras

Reviewer: This is perfect! But, I would elaborate on each of these feature right here! 👀 I.e., 

> * The Lie closure can now be calculated with feature X
> (PR number)
> 
> Code example and any extra verbiage to explain it.
> 
> * Structure constants can now be calculated with feature Z
> (PR number)
> 
> Code example and any extra verbiage to explain it.

etc. Let me know if that makes sense!

<h4>QROM State Preparation 📖</h4>

* A new state-of-the-art state preparation technique based on QROM is now available with the :class:`qml.QROMStatePreparation <pennylane.QROMStatePreparation>` template.
  [(#6974)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6974)

    Using :class:`qml.QROMStatePreparation <pennylane.QROMStatePreparation>` is analogous to using other state preparation techniques in PennyLane. 
    
    ```python
  state_vector = np.array([0.5, -0.5, 0.5, 0.5])

  dev = qml.device("default.qubit")
  wires = qml.registers({"work_wires": 1, "prec_wires": 3, "state_wires": 2})

  @qml.qnode(dev)
  def circuit():
      qml.QROMStatePreparation(
          state_vector, wires["state_wires"], wires["prec_wires"], wires["work_wires"]
      )
      return qml.state()
  ```

  ```pycon
  >>> print(circuit()[:4].real)
  [ 0.5 -0.5  0.5  0.5]
  ```

<h4>Dynamical Lie Algebras 🕓</h4>

The new :mod:`qml.liealg <pennylane.liealg>` module provides a variety of Lie algebra functionality, including:
* Lie closure

>   :func:`qml.lie_closure <pennylane.lie_closure>` computes the dynamical Lie algebra from a set of generators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Calculating the Lie closure from a set of generators with :func:`qml.lie_closure <pennylane.lie_closure>`.
```

  ```python
  import pennylane as qml
  from pennylane import X, Y, Z, I
  n = 2
  gens = [qml.X(0), qml.X(0) @ qml.X(1), qml.Y(1)]
  dla = qml.lie_closure(gens)
  ```
  ```pycon
  >>> dla
  [X(0), X(0) @ X(1), Y(1), X(0) @ Z(1)]
  ```

> * Structure constants
> 
>   Using :func:`qml.structure_constants <pennylane.structure_constants>`, compute the structure constants that make up the adjoint representation of a Lie algebra.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Computing structure constants that make up the adjoint representation of a Lie algebra using :func:`qml.structure_constants <pennylane.structure_constants>`.
```

  ```pycon
  >>> adjoint_rep = qml.structure_constants(dla)
  >>> adjoint_rep.shape
  (4, 4, 4)
  ```

* The center of a Lie algebra

>   The center is the collection of operators that commute with all other operators in the DLA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The center of a Lie algebra can be calculated with :func:`qml.center <pennylane.center>`, which 
  represents the collection of operators that commute with all other operators in the DLA.
```

>   Compute it with :func:`qml.center <pennylane.center>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  ```pycon
  >>> qml.center(dla)
  [X(0)]
  ```

* Cartan decompositions

>   :func:`qml.liealg.cartan_decomp <pennylane.liealg.cartan_decomp>` allows performance of Cartan decompositions `g = k + m` using _involution_ functions that return a boolean value.

Reviewer: Similar format here as the other ones above 👀
